1.) What is the difference between Java source code and byte code?
a.) Programmers write byte code while compilers process source code.
b.) Programmers write source code while virtual machines execute byte code.
c.) Programmers write source code, and there is no such thing as byte code.
d.) There is no difference.
B
2
2.) Considering the level of precedence for Java operators, what would be the output of 1 + 12/2 + 4 ?
a.) 3
b.) There is no output.
c.) 2.17
d.) 11
D
1
3.) What do you call an embedded command that starts with a backslash character and is followed by one or more control characters?
a.) Escape Sequence
b.) Output Cursor
c.) Scanner
d.) Programming Statement
A
2
4.) What is the function of logical operators?
a.) It determines if a relationship exists between two values
b.) It is another name for arithmetic operators
c.) It determines if the statement is logically correct
d.) It combines two boolean expressions
D
1
5.) Select the assigned value for x in this example: x = y < 10 && z < 40 ? 10 : y < 20 && z == 40 ? 20 : y < 10 && z > 40 ? 30 : 40 | Suppose that y = 11 and z = 30
a.) 20
b.) 10
c.) 40
d.) 30
C
3
6.) A loop is a control structure that causes a programming statement to repeat. What is the key difference between while loop and do-while loop?
a.) The while loop tests its expression before each iteration and the do-while loop is a posttest loop
b.) The while loop is a pretest loop and the do-while loop is an actual test loop
c.) The do-while loop is just another version of while loop
d.) The while loop is an actual test loop and the do-while loop is a posttest loop
A
2
7.) There are many ways to add or subtract 1 from an operand. Assume variable number is an int. Select the choice that does not work.
a.) number++
b.) number - 1 = number
c.) number -= 1
d.) number = number + 1
B
1
8.) What does it mean if “void” is used as a return type for a certain method?
a.) it performs a task and terminates.
b.) it is an error that shows up if a body of a method is not closed with a curly bracket.
c.) it returns a special value named void.
d.) it will return a value if called.
A
1
9.) What happens if a String array has an uninitialized String reference?
a.) The code will not compile, and an error will show in the console.
b.) The code will compile and throw and exception, but it will show an error when it reads the uninitialized String reference.
c.) The object it references to will be set to null.
d.) The object it references to will be set to 0.
C
1
10.) What algorithm works to get the average of the values in an array?
a.) There is a method called .getAve() method that can average the elements of an array.
b.) A do-while loop can get all the values and add them to an accumulator variable and divide the it by using the .index() method. 
c.) There is a method called .getAverage() method that can average the elements of an array.
d.) A for loop can get all the values and add them to an accumulator variable, then divide them by the number of the elements in the array.
D
2
